# Why?

Last year I picked up a new hobby. Or two. This is not the first time I have gotten manically (or maniacally, depending on who you ask) into a new activity seemingly out of nowhere. Spending time with me can feel a bit like eating at a restaurant with a seasonal menu. If you wanted to hang out in 2016, we were gonna play the new board game I bought. 2017? No more three-hour long board games–that I incorrectly explained but refused to look at the rules–instead we’re playing D&D. Which only takes like five hours, unless we don’t finish and have to meet up again next week for a shorter four-hour session. Then in 2018 it was concerts. Who could forget flying back from Paris and going straight from the airport to see Alex G play the Paradise Rock Club? My tinnitus certainly can’t. And of course, 2019. Where our activity for the day was a difficult choice between climbing up plastic rocks or climbing up regular rocks. Sorry again to anyone I put in vaguely life threatening situations. 

The next two years were a bit of a wash. Finally 2022 rolls around and I reach some sort of new miasmic equilibrium–not hating my life but less than thrilled about it, and finding the toils of employment meaningless in light of everything I’d been through. For anyone not in-the-know, I spent quarantine helping take care of my dad through his final years living with ALS. I spent a lot of time looking for sources of joy and experiences that actually were meaningful to me in the aftermath. I tried to buy my dream house during the most competitive market in living memory (my final bid was 55k over asking and I still didn’t get it, lmao). But mostly I found fulfillment from the friends and family that have always supported me. I’m very lucky to have friends close to home (literally in my home) and far away who welcome me into their lives on incredibly short and unexpected notice. God bless my friends Tyler and James who bore the biggest brunt of my last-minute impulses. Which led me to Seattle. Which led me to texting a different friend last-minute about my plans to visit. Which led to a day of exploration and wonder and unconstrained joy that I had legitimately forgotten what it felt like to experience.

https://media.tenor.com/DmN5B0SXQHMAAAAC/let-me-explain-sum-up.gif


Last year Tyler and James took the family minivan–a 2003 Honda Odyssey whose rear door needed a firm hand and maybe a compliment or two to close properly–and drove it from Boston to Seattle and back over the course of six months. As they arrived at each new destination, I looked at my calendar to see if I could cancel my meetings and fly out to see them. (We’ve got unlimited vacation days. What do you expect me to do when I hear that something cool is happening somewhere in the world?) We skied the Rockies in Colorado, surfed the waves in San Diego, and hiked along the falls in Yosemite Valley. Their last major stop was an airbnb they’d rented out in Seattle for six weeks. 

The day we said our goodbyes in California’s snowy Sierra mountains, I made them promise me they would wait until I got to Seattle before continuing our search for America’s greatest soup dumplings. (I’m sorry, California but there was just not enough soup in your soup dumplings.) A month later I texted Tyler, James, and Greg, an old friend from work who had moved to Seattle, that I was hopping in my compact-model Prius and driving up from Los Angeles to meet them. Greg texted me back asking if I wanted to join his friends skiing up Mt. St. Helens while I was there. And the rest is history! But I’ll explain it in five more paragraphs anyways because I am extremely self-indulgent.
